                     ECperf Kit Release Notes
              Version 1.0, Final Release, Dated 5/29/01

Installation Instructions

1. Download the Kit from the web site. Use gunzip (GNU unzip) to
   unzip the file.
2. We recommend that you create a new user account (say 'ecperf')
   whose home directory is where you will install the kit.
3. Untar the kit and read the file README.html in the top-level
   directory and follow its directions closely.

Changes since Proposed Final Draft :

1. The welcome-list in the src/deploy/reference/web.xml directory
   was in an incorrect location. This has been fixed.

2. The Sybase schema for the C_rule table in file 
   schema/sybase/sql/schema_C.sql has been changed. The field 
   r_text changed from 'long varchar' to 'text' as Sybase does 
   not support long varchar.

3. ejb-links have been added for all intra-domain bean calls in
   the various xmls in the reference directory. Many of these
   already exist.

4. The *db.properties files in the config directory now have
   entries for other DBMS as well. Uncomment the specific lines
   for your database.

5. Some of the datatypes in the Oracle schema scripts 
   (schema/oracle/sql/*) have been changed to be more consistent
   with the generic SQL types in schema/sql. These types are
   equivalent to the previous version, so there is no need to
   re-build the database.



                     ECperf Kit Release Notes
              Version 1.0, Proposed Final Draft, Dated 5/10/01


Enhancements made in this release :

1. A new build, deploy mechanism using ant has been added. This 
   provides a more portable method of compilation and deployment. 
   The Makefiles still exist, if you want to use them.

2. A new 'deploy/reference' directory has been created that has 
   the 'reference' xmls. These xmls should be used without any 
   modifications. Two versions, one for BMP and one for CMP are 
   provided. You can mix-and-match BMP/CMP deployments for various 
   beans.

3. Driver scripts for NT have been included.

4. Source code for the Driver is now included.

5. The Driver will now optionally perform run validation
   checks if the property doAudit is set to 1 in
   run.properties. This must be set to 1 for final
   benchmark results. Please make sure you upgrade any old
   run.properties files to the latest format, as otherwise
   you will get a NullPointerException.

6. Code for Atomicity Tests have been added by using the Debug
   interface. See README.html for details.

8. The Driver no longer logs InsufficientCreditExceptions to the
   ords.err log. Only true exceptions will now appear in the .err
   files.

9. The schema for the C_rule table has been changed to allow the
   RuleEnt entity bean to be deployed in CMP mode. You must
   re-create your database and re-load data using this Kit.


Bugs Fixed :

1. % Largeorders was computed incorrectly by OrdersReport.

2. The Driver was not checking for the 5% variability of certain
   requirements correctly. This has now been fixed.

3. Changed check for bad credit to 10%. The spec will also be 
   changed to reflect this as it incorrectly states 5% in Table 5.

4. Changed checking for largeorders in the orders bean 
   (OrderCmpEJB) to mark it as a largeorder if the qty is > 20,
   instead of 50.  This bug was causing an incorrect number of 
   largeorder entities to be generated.

5. Deadlock problems in BMP code were fixed.

6. The Driver was computing the widgets per regular order 
   incorrectly. This has been fixed.
